{

"far": "A young pig, or a litter of pigs.",

"farce": "Stuffing, or mixture of viands, like that used on dressing afowl; forcemeat.",

"farewell": "Go well; good-by; adieu; -- originally applied to a persondeparting, but by custom now applied both to those who depart andthose who remain. It is often separated by the pronoun; as, fare youwell; and is sometimes used as an expression of separation only; as,farewell the year; farewell, ye sweet groves; that is, I bid youfarewell.So farewell hope, and with hope, farewell fear. Milton.Fare thee well! and if forever, Still forever fare thee well. Byron.",

"farm": "A lease of the imposts on particular goods; as, the sugar farm,the silk farm.Whereas G. H. held the farm of sugars upon a rent of 10,000 marks perannum. State Trials (1196).",

"farmer": "One who farms; as:(a) One who hires and cultivates a farm; a cultivator of leasedground; a tenant. Smart.(b) One who is devoted to the tillage of the soil; one who cultivatesa farm; an agriculturist; a husbandman.(c) One who takes taxes, customs, excise, or other duties, tocollect, either paying a fixed annuual rent for the privilege; as, afarmer of the revenues.(d) (Mining) The lord of the field, or one who farms the lot and copeof the crown. Farmer-general Etym: [F. fermier-general], one to whomthe right of levying certain taxes, in a particular district, wasfarmed out, under the former French monarchy, for a given sum paiddown.-- Farmers' satin, a light material of cotton and worsted, used forcoat linings. McElrath.-- The king's farmer (O. Eng. Law), one to whom the collection of aroyal revenue was farmed out. Burrill.",

"farming": "Pertaining to agriculture; devoted to, adapted to, or engagedin, farming; as, farming tools; farming land; a farming community.",

"farmyard": "The yard or inclosure attached to a barn, or the space inclosedby the farm buildings.",

"farraginous": "Formed of various materials; mixed; as, a farraginous mountain.[R.] Kirwan.AA farraginous concurrence of all conditions, tempers, sexes, andages. Sir T. Browne.",

"farrier": "Defn:",

"farsighted": "Hypermetropic.",

"farther": "To help onward. [R.] See Further.",

"farthest": "Most distant or remote; as, the farthest degree.  See Furthest."
}